Alright, I got a coding assignment for
you in this video. What we want to do is
implement the functionality to delete a
specific ingredient of a recipe. So
we'll go through it just like we did
before for recipes. We'll set up at a URL,
a link that we can click so we're going
to use the get action. Even though we're
using get and this is what we're
kind of limited to within the HTML
standard of forms and links. So you can't
do an HTTP delete from a web form without
using JavaScript. So we're just sticking
to the straight forms. Later in the
course we're definitely going to get to
CRUD operations where we will be using
the delete verb from the HTTP standard. But here we're setting up a form so what
i want you to do is implement the delete
action just like we did before for the
recipe, but now i want to be able to delete
an ingredient. So go ahead work on that
for yourself, try to work through it and
in the next video I will step you
through step by step on my
implementation and don't forget to write
a test case for it so follow follow
test-driven development so write your
test case first and then do the
controller action, then do the service.